# Airline-project
The aviation industry in one of the biggest industries in the world where the competition is very high but airline companies are still facing substantial losses because their customers are not retaining as aviation industry are seeing changes occurring in daily basis which are affecting overall passenger satisfaction. For example, the pandemic changed the way of travelling and it differently affected the commercial and passenger’s airline. These external changes will help in understanding the trend in the industry and make the revenue higher by increasing the business. The airline company has to take care of its passengers during these difficult situations by providing the needed support to the passengers which will help in improving the overall passenger satisfaction. If the airline company fails to meet the passenger expectations it may Lose its business. In this project we are going to analyse the overall passenger satisfaction and places where the passenger feel that the airline company needs to improve. In this project we are going to analyse the passenger satisfaction through Supervised classified techniques like Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, SVC, XG-Boost, KNN models. With this model we can help airlines in helping to know their customers better. If the aviation facilities are good more members are likely to go to tours within the country through the aviation mode other than the road transport and railways not only for foreign countries.

The objective of this capstone is to build a classification model to determine customer satisfaction and identify areas of improvement. It will help the airline industry /airline company to perform very well in their business by knowing the key areas for improvement. Airline companies can prioritize their expenditure which will help them in developing their business. Model will help the airline to retain loyal customers and improve chances so that new customers also prefer the airline. When our model goes into production, it will help the Airline companies to identify areas to improve. Airline businesses around the world are decimated as most international air travel has been grounded. To identify the critical factors that lead to customer satisfaction we are here building a model to Predict the customer satisfaction by applying Machine Learning Models.
